C:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.deps.json
C:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.pdb
C:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.pdb
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_MainMenu.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.pdb
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.pdb
C:\Users\brome\Documents\ASP.NET Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.deps.json
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.pdb
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.pdb
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_MainMenu.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.pdb
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.pdb
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Account\Login.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Predictions\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\ProyectoDeTesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Info\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.deps.json
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.pdb
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.pdb
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Account\Login.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Info\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Predictions\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_MainMenu.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.Views.pdb
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.dll
c:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.pdb
C:\Users\brome\Documents\Proyecto Tesis\FrontApp Tesis\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ASP.NET Tesis.csproj.CopyComplete
